Use core-js for getGlobals example (#17337)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/globalthis/index.md

### Search for the global across environments

Prior to `globalThis`, the only reliable cross-platform way to get the global object for an environment was `Function('return this')()`. However, this causes [CSP](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP) violations in some settings, so [core-js](https://github.com/zloirock/core-js/blob/master/packages/core-js/internals/global.js) uses a check like this, for example (slightly modified from the original source):

```js
function check(it) {
  // Math is known to exist as global in every environment.
  return it && it.Math === Math && it;
}

const globalObject =
  check(typeof globalThis === 'object' && globalThis) ||
  check(typeof window === 'object' && window) ||
  check(typeof self === 'object' && self) ||
  check(typeof global === 'object' && global) ||
  // This returns undefined when running in strict mode
  (function () { return this; })() ||
  Function('return this')();

> if (typeof globalObject.setTimeout !== 'function') {	

Reviewer: You can check `typeof setTimeout` without `globalObject`, so I don't think that it's a good example. However, I'm not sure that it's in the scope of this issue.

Author: Let's just remove it—we are showing `globalThis` anyway.

Reviewer: For me, it's for operations with global variables that are more complex than a simple check. For example,
```js
if (!globalObject.Promise) {
  Object.defineProperty(globalObject, 'Promise', {
    value: function Promise () {
      // your Promise implementation
    },
    enumerable: false,
    configurable: true,
    writable: true
  });
}

Author: Thanks, that's very useful inspiration—decided to use `Intl` instead of `Promise` so it looks more realistic.

### Search for the global across environments

> Prior to `globalThis`, the only reliable cross-platform way to get the global object for an environment was `Function('return this')()`. However, this causes [CSP](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP) violations in some settings, so [core-js](https://github.com/zloirock/core-js/blob/master/packages/core-js/internals/global.js) uses a check like this, for example (slightly modified from the original source):

Reviewer 2: I think it would be helpful to have a few words on the overall use case here (which I guess is to provide an implementation of `Intl` is one isn't available).

```js
function check(it) {
  // Math is known to exist as global in every environment.
  return it && it.Math === Math && it;
}

const globalObject =

>   check(typeof globalThis === 'object' && globalThis) ||

Reviewer: And this line just checks that it's supported.

>   check(typeof globalThis === 'object' && globalThis) ||

Author: This is describing before `globalThis` even became a proposal (or at least, before it was given that name), so yeah, we need a more ancient example.

### Search for the global across environments

Usually, the global object does not need to be explicitly specified — its properties are automatically accessible as global variables.

```js
console.log(window.NaN === NaN); // true
```

However, one case where one needs to explicitly access the global object is when _writing_ to it, usually for the purpose of [polyfills](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Polyfill).

> Prior to `globalThis`, the only reliable cross-platform way to get the global object for an environment was `Function('return this')()`. However, this causes [CSP](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP) violations in some settings, so [core-js](https://github.com/zloirock/core-js/blob/master/packages/core-js/internals/global.js) uses a piecewise definition like this, for example (slightly modified from the original source):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Prior to `globalThis`, the only reliable cross-platform way to get the global object for an environment was `Function('return this')()`. However, this causes [CSP](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP) violations in some settings, so authors would use a piecewise definition like this (slightly adapted from the [original core-js source](https://github.com/zloirock/core-js/blob/master/packages/core-js/internals/global.js)):
```

(sorry to be pedantic) let's put a bit more distance between this example and the original, since it is substantively different with the omission of `globalThis`.

Author: Looks great

```js
function check(it) {
  // Math is known to exist as a global in every environment.
  return it && it.Math === Math && it;
}

const globalObject =
  check(typeof window === 'object' && window) ||
  check(typeof self === 'object' && self) ||
  check(typeof global === 'object' && global) ||
  // This returns undefined when running in strict mode
  (function () { return this; })() ||

>   Function('return this')();

Reviewer: Now, without `globalThis`, it will not work in cases of ES-only environments (no one of the variables above) in modules context (IIFE `this` is `undefined`), where for security reasons disabled `eval` / `Function`. It's not a big problem to create such environment, for example, with NodeJS `vm`.

Author: That's right—the purpose of this example is to illustrate what happens without `globalThis`. I did dig into the history of `internals/global.js` and it was something like this a long time ago: https://github.com/zloirock/core-js/blob/b4e8c0b09bbe23db8d8784df03ef0b8f3ff04170/packages/core-js/internals/global.js

Reviewer: And after that, someone wrote me an issue about such an environment.

Someone could try to use the code from this example as a universal way of getting the global object and theoretically, it could fail in this specific and rare case. So I think changing "prior to `globalThis` ..." to something else could be better.

Author: The only thing I've modified from the core-JS source is removal of the `globalThis` mention. In a runtime without `globalThis`, is there anything better than this?

Reviewer: I mean that someone could try this code everywhere as something universal - in environments without `globalThis` and in environments with.

Author: Oh well, it was kind of the same code before—let's hope no one uses it as a polyfill (they shouldn't!) If you want to add a warning box making it explicit, feel free to.
